I was surprised yesterday to study the elimination
first times sentence how you felt
it was crushed practically almost almost
this to applaud you relieved this for
a moment I had the sentence but now
I feel safe again and once again
I'm going to gather everything that was
working and doing it correctly that
cause you learned thinking that suddenly
could leave the competition leave everything
this all these beautiful people from the
channel of the study I am what I said and you
it went very well
Today we sing my illness and this
a strong position and success today
calamaro students but while
it is getting ready we are told that we are going to
a cut and we pray with andrés calamaro
feet studying
here
Andrey Cabas
it's blue andrey calamaro
because the world
recipe
true
not everything is my life
but the cake
all right
minute wear
from the soul
no no
they are
and not because those
I can change
and he gave me his recipe
It's beaten because the body of the other
it's my weakness
t
in the classroom
in my mouth
to
and the day always
and sorry
I will be
OK
but equal
somewhere I will find
everyone would have to learn to say
sorry
this law
master
why not
I can not change
leave half recipe
pain and illness
established because everyone's body is
my weakness
this time part
this time the value is going to end
thank you so much that band francisco
I know you have to move
forward francisco chávez our
André Calamaro very good song according to
I good interpretation let's see what
our juries tell us
we start now with mari carmen his
opinion please do I love them
as 2020
karl to the bar plus the 4 you enjoy
André when to enjoy when we
invite to sing when you feel the
character is where you are at
Real Andres Calamaro and that's what he has
what to do with that confidence and
enjoy the song that you are andres
calamaro
we thank you very much fernando
now to the opinion of Mr. Ricardo
good one thing to sing well something else
is to look like another thing is to have the
gestures and if we follow that by adding
interpret well what the song says
we have the complete package that is sought
I am you have the ability to
When you sing, I believe what you say
and when you speak you also convince me
you are calamaro today been very good if
not for that one note that desafinó
I put you 19.50 very well
before retiring like this Argentine
is in accordance with 19.5 according to
for to better many thanks to
take a seat while I move
to give them a nice mention